.TH BTOP 1 "December 2021" "1.1.3"
.SH NAME
BTOP \- Resource monitor that shows usage and stats for processor, memory, disks, network and processes.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B btop [-h] [-v] [-/+t] [-p <id>] [--utf-force] [--debug]

.SH DESCRIPTION
btop is a modern and colorful command line resource monitor that shows usage and stats for processor,
memory, disks, network and processes.

btop beatures:
 - Easy to use, with a game inspired menu system.
 - Full mouse support, all buttons with a highlighted key is clickable and mouse scroll works in process list and menu boxes.
 - Fast and responsive UI with UP, DOWN keys process selection.
 - Function for showing detailed stats for selected process.
 - Ability to filter processes.
 - Easy switching between sorting options.
 - Tree view of processes.
 - Send any signal to selected process.
 - UI menu for changing all config file options.
 - Auto scaling graph for network usage.
 - Shows IO activity and speeds for disks
 - Battery meter
 - Selectable symbols for the graphs
 - Custom presets
 - And more...
.SH "COMMAND-LINE OPTIONS"

optional arguments:
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version
show version info and exit
.TP
\fB\-lc, \-\-low-color
disable truecolor, converts 24-bit colors to 256-color
.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-tty_on
force (ON) tty mode, max 16 colors and tty friendly graph symbols
.TP
  +t, \-\-tty_off
force (OFF) tty mode
.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-preset <id>
start with preset, integer value between 0-9
.TP
\fB\-\-utf-force
force start even if no UTF-8 locale was detected
.TP
\fB\-\-debug
start in DEBUG mode: shows microsecond timer for information collect
and screen draw functions and sets loglevel to DEBUG

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR https://github.com/aristocratos/btop
.SH AUTHOR
btop was written by Aristocratos.
